# Philip Tallo - Individual Capstone Assessment

This project is about being able to train a model to predict the future. This is an academic question which has received a lot of attention in many different facets. Also while developing this model we will have to create an interface around it so people who are not as savvy with models will be able to interface with the data in a way that we cannot. Also something that is really important academically is to develop teamwork. That means that when we are finally released into the workforce we will be able to work on a team in order to accomplish a goal. I think that this project will help a lot to prove that we have what it takes in order to do that.

My college curriculum will help me prepare for this project in a number of ways. One class I took which gave me great ground work in data handling was Intelligent Data Analysis with Dr. Atluri. In that class we covered many basic data analysis techniques which will help me during this project including things like PCA, SVD as well as general things about data dimensionality. Another class which I took was Deep Learning with Dr. Cheng. In that class we covered the basics of many neural network architectures as well as how to improve the performance of these architectures and stop overfitting/underfitting.

My co-op experiences will help me in a number of ways which are more practical in nature. During my last co-op at Aptera I learned a lot about building web apps. This will really help with the final step of our project where we  will build a way to visualize and interface with the data. I feel that the best way to do this would be to build some sort of relevant web app. Another thing I learned from both Kinetic Vision and Aptera was how to keep a clean code base. This will help as we build our product so as to maintain the productiveness of our team and avoid technical debt.

The reason I am so excited about this project is because I have taken a lot of classes on machine learning and neural networks but I have yet to actually build something with all the knowledge I have gained from the different data handling courses. This project is a chance to put together a project which ties together what I have learned from co-op at companies like Kinetic Vision and Aptera as well as the more theoretical I have gotten from class. In preparing a preliminary design for the project we are going to first outline each major component that we need in our system. We are going to outline what each of the major components needs in terms of work and technology stack, as well as data requirements. Then we will make a plan on how to develop this with the chosen technologies. 

I expect that we will be able to finish any of the non data science components very competently. I believe that everyone in our group is well aware of how hard the problem we have chosen to tackle is. We have a plan to tackle the outcome of whether or not our model is competitive. We will know that our product is done when our machine learning pipeline is complete and have been deployed. We will know whether or not we have done a good job if the product is something that is useable by the general public and that we feel is up to industry standards in usability (UI and UX) as well as information delivery to potential users.